So what are you gonna eat in China?
What?
Yeah. So, what do you plan? What
Is there anything with pus you eat?
Yeah.
Duck.
Affordable.
Peking Duck. Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
Are you, Do you have any plans of going somewhere? Yeah.
Oh, this year? Living this year.
Yeah.
It's cheaper to go from Japan though.
Yeah, if it's the flight. Yeah, it's you could get
really cheap flights out. Yeah.
Yeah.
Have you been to any other parts of Asia?
Taiwan.
Wait, are you brave enough to eat street food?
In any country because I'm always scared about
getting si... like stomach ache. Because like sometimes like the water that you just don't agree with
And then when you order street food like my
Brother-in-law, He he could eat anything off the street and he's fine.
Yes, like a... just anything.
Yeah, street vendors better in anything.
He can eat anything. But I...
I would get deathly ill if I...
Yeah.
Yeah, so in the U.S. I'm okay.
And in Japan most part I feel it's okay
Yeah.
So you're fine?
It was okay.
Yeah.
Yeah... Oh, wait. Last time I went to, when I went to Egypt,
Um...
Like the vendors were filling the water bottles.
with the tap water!
I just
on the side they have all these empty
water bottles and they were just filling it up.
It's a scam.
A... Yeah. In someone I saw that. I was like oh my God.
I don't know if that was meant for locals.
You know? to locals that I was looking out. Check all my water bottles.
To see if it's sealed. Yeah.
Mmh. Mmh. Yeah, I see you have to be careful.
Yeah.
And...
And I heard...
of
Yeah.
So I...
And I was also...
Yeah. And...
I think it's better now, but
in the past, like I even when I started to travel.
I was told be careful of showering too, because a little bit of the, like
Yeah, or when you're brushing your teeth and a lot of people don't notice.
And they're using tap water, right? How many of us really open up a new...
mineral... Yeah. To brush the teeth and so
In Egypt, I was told by the tour guide, that don't forget.
If you don't want to ruin your trip, make sure you buy a water, like a big...
water bottle for even brushing your teeth.
Yeah.